TODO.md, before:

# TODO

The goal is to implement a working Oberon compiler. The checklist below will grow as I go along.

- [x] (temporary) built-in `print`.
- [x] support simple integers.
- [x] print tokens, AST and IR.
- [x] "golden tests" runner.
- [x] support binary `+` / `-`.
- [x] support unary `+` / `-`.
- [x] support binary `*` / `/`.
- [x] support grouping `(...)`.
- [x] wrap statements in dummy module.
- [x] separate statements and expressions.
- [x] basic type checking.
- [x] support `REAL` outcome of divisions.
- [x] replace `print` statement with call expression (still built-in).
- [x] run "golden tests" as unit tests.
- [x] support integer `DIV` / `MOD`.
- [x] skip comments in lexer.
- [x] support string literals.
- [x] support boolean literals `TRUE` / `FALSE`.
- [x] support logical "not" `~`.
- [x] support relational operators `=` / `#` / `<` / `<=` / `>=` / `>`.
- [x] support REAL literals.
- [x] support hex integer literals.
- [x] support hex string literals.
- [x] support scale factor in REAL literals.
- [x] better printing of boolean values.
- [x] support statement sequences (separated by `;`).
- [x] get "golden tests" input from the code block in the markdown file.
- [x] remove dedicated "golden test" runner and rely on unit-tests.
- [x] reorganize "golden tests" to combine multiple tiny tests.
- [x] make statement sequence a separate node.
- [x] support basic `MODULE` structure (excluding imports and declarations) .
- [x] don't panic on compilation errors.
- [ ] require a `MODULE` instead of allowing naked statements.
- [ ] support `IF` / `THEN` / `ELSIF` / `ELSE`.
- [ ] basic variable and assignment support
- [ ] make `print` a real procedure.
- [ ] better error reporting.
- [ ] better command line arguments.
- [ ] add "golden tests" for error conditions (e.g. invalid code).
- [ ] update "golden test" files in-place, so any additional content doesn't get overwritten.
- [ ] ...

Commit message:

support if/elsif/else with constant expressions

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

The goal is to implement a working Oberon compiler. The checklist below will grow as I go along.

- [x] (temporary) built-in `print`.
- [x] support simple integers.
- [x] print tokens, AST and IR.
- [x] "golden tests" runner.
- [x] support binary `+` / `-`.
- [x] support unary `+` / `-`.
- [x] support binary `*` / `/`.
- [x] support grouping `(...)`.
- [x] wrap statements in dummy module.
- [x] separate statements and expressions.
- [x] basic type checking.
- [x] support `REAL` outcome of divisions.
- [x] replace `print` statement with call expression (still built-in).
- [x] run "golden tests" as unit tests.
- [x] support integer `DIV` / `MOD`.
- [x] skip comments in lexer.
- [x] support string literals.
- [x] support boolean literals `TRUE` / `FALSE`.
- [x] support logical "not" `~`.
- [x] support relational operators `=` / `#` / `<` / `<=` / `>=` / `>`.
- [x] support REAL literals.
- [x] support hex integer literals.
- [x] support hex string literals.
- [x] support scale factor in REAL literals.
- [x] better printing of boolean values.
- [x] support statement sequences (separated by `;`).
- [x] get "golden tests" input from the code block in the markdown file.
- [x] remove dedicated "golden test" runner and rely on unit-tests.
- [x] reorganize "golden tests" to combine multiple tiny tests.
- [x] make statement sequence a separate node.
- [x] support basic `MODULE` structure (excluding imports and declarations) .
- [x] don't panic on compilation errors.
- [x] support `IF` / `THEN` / `ELSIF` / `ELSE` with constant expressions.
- [ ] support `IF` / `THEN` / `ELSIF` / `ELSE` with variables.
- [ ] basic variable and assignment support
- [ ] make `print` a real procedure.
- [ ] better error reporting.
- [ ] better command line arguments.
- [ ] add "golden tests" for error conditions (e.g. invalid code).
- [ ] update "golden test" files in-place, so any additional content doesn't get overwritten.
- [ ] require a `MODULE` instead of allowing naked statements.
- [ ] ...
